app.use(PATH, router) is for attaching mini-app/router to a specific path
routers are usefull for abstracting logic so that main app is not cluttered,

module.exports vs exports
exports. is for exporting functions and values individually
module.exports is (default export) for exporting the whole module

Mongoose is preferred because it provides SQL-like schema or model,
this model is setting what Mongoose should expect

Extract model from DB and attach to template
const movies = await Movie.find().lean() to get all movies and use them in a template res.render()

connect to specific DB
const url = 'mongodb://localhost:27017/movieSuggester';
connect to a specific DB is to add name of DB to url: url += /movieSuggester


1:49:00 - accessing libraries from CDN 

Not all libraries are stored on CDNs. CDNs are used to deliver static resources, 
such as JavaScript libraries, to users more quickly and reliably. 
They do this by hosting the resources on servers that are distributed around the world and 
serving them to users from a location that is physically closer to them. This can 
significantly improve the performance of a website or web application, especially for users 
who are located far from the origin server.

However, not all libraries are suitable for hosting on CDNs. For example, 
a library that requires access to a database or other server-side resources might not 
be able to run entirely from a CDN. In these cases, the library would need to be installed 
and run on the server-side, rather than being delivered to the client via a CDN.

Additionally, some developers and organizations prefer to host their own libraries and other resources, 
rather than relying on a CDN. This can give them more control over the availability and performance of the resources, 
but it can also increase the burden on their own servers and infrastructure.


to create DB colelctions and models in them:
configure mongoose.connect()
make a request from this app via for example [Model].create() to DB and Mongoose will create them via the set by you Model